Update mid-cycle sneak peek template to match actual v1.37 blog review comments (#3065)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/communications/templates/mid-cycle-blog-sneak-peek.md

* Introduction to the current status of the release
* The Kubernetes API Removal and Deprecation process
* Notes of important removals or deprecations (if any)

> * Ongoing major changes (multi-release deprecations still in flight, e.g. cgroup v1 removal)

Author: ```suggestion
* Ongoing major changes (multi-release deprecations still in flight)
```

```md
---
layout: blog
title: 'Kubernetes v1.XX Sneak Peek'

> date: 202n-mm-ddT08:00:00-08:00

Reviewer: This is not necessary, since we wanted the v1.37 sneak peek blog to be published immediately, Tim suggested timing it at 8AM PST. This can be decided close to publish date.

> date: 202n-mm-ddT08:00:00-08:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 202n-mm-dd
```

slug: kubernetes-v1-XX-sneak-peek
author: >

>   [Comms team members, ordered by last name ascending]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Comms team members, ordered by first name ascending]
```

---

As we get closer to the release date for Kubernetes v1.xx, the project develops and matures, features may be deprecated, removed, or replaced with better ones for the project's overall health. This blog outlines some of the planned changes for the Kubernetes 1.xx release, that the release team feels you should be aware of for the continued maintenance of your Kubernetes environment and keeping up to date with the latest changes. The information listed below is based on the current status of the v1.xx release and may change before the actual release date. 

> ### The Kubernetes API Removal and Deprecation process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The Kubernetes API Removal and Deprecation process (add only if API deprecations/removals are present in this release; else skip)
```

Here you can insert a note about a topic of the release or tangential to it. This can be a note about a feature, a process, or a community initiative that you think is important to highlight in the mid-cycle blog.

## Deprecations and removals for Kubernetes v1.xx

### <Component>: <what is deprecated or removed>

> <one or two paragraphs; link the tracking issue or KEP. Add an {#anchor-id} only if this entry is likely to be linked from elsewhere.>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<one or two paragraphs; link the tracking issue or KEP. Add an {#anchor-id} only if this entry is likely to be linked from elsewhere. Avoid linking the KEP number in the title, only add it in the "read more" section.>
```

- Repeat for every removal or deprecation in this release

> ## Ongoing major changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ongoing major changes (Optional)
```

### <Multi-release deprecation still in flight> {#anchor-id}

> <which release it lands in, and the temporary override if one exists>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<avoid naming the release it would land in, mention temporary override if one exists>
```

> <which release it lands in, and the temporary override if one exists>

Reviewer: Based on feedback received in v1.36 and v1.37

> ## Breaking changes in Kubernetes v1.xx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Breaking changes in Kubernetes v1.xx (Optional)
```

Here you can insert a note about a topic of the release or tangential to it. This can be a note about a feature, a process, or a community initiative that you think is important to highlight in the mid-cycle blog.

## Deprecations and removals for Kubernetes v1.xx

### <Component>: <what is deprecated or removed> {#anchor-id}
<one or two paragraphs; link the tracking issue or KEP>
- Repeat for every removal or deprecation in this release

## Ongoing major changes

### <Multi-release deprecation still in flight> {#anchor-id}
<which release it lands in, and the temporary override if one exists>

## Breaking changes in Kubernetes v1.xx

### <Behaviour change that can break running workloads> {#anchor-id}
<who is affected, and how to keep the previous behaviour>

## Featured enhancements of Kubernetes v1.xx

The following list of enhancements is likely to be included in the upcoming v1.xx release. This is not a commitment and the release content is subject to change.

> ### <Feature name and maturity, e.g. "Metrics API goes GA"> - Comms Owner {#anchor-id}

Author: ```suggestion
### <Feature name and maturity, e.g. "Metrics API goes GA"> {#anchor-id}
```

<insert here a KEP explanation paragraph>

> To learn more about this enhancement, refer to [KEP-xxxx: <title>](https://kep.k8s.io/xxxx).

Author: ```suggestion
To learn more about this enhancement, refer to [KEP-xxxx: <title>](https://kubernetes.dev/resources/keps/xxxx).
```
